git cherry-pick <commit>:
Definition: Apply a specific commit from another branch onto the current branch. Useful when you need to bring in a single commit without merging the entire branch.
Practical Use: Incorporating a specific commit from a feature branch into the main branch without merging all the other changes.

git rebase -i <commit>:
Definition: Interactively rebase your branch starting from a specific commit. It allows you to modify commits, reorder them, squash them, or split them. Helpful for cleaning up commit history before merging.
Practical Use: Rearranging or combining commits before integrating them into a main branch, ensuring a cleaner and more organized commit history.

git bisect:
Definition: Perform a binary search to find the commit that introduced a bug. It helps pinpoint the exact commit that caused an issue by systematically narrowing down the range of commits to investigate.
Practical Use: Finding the specific commit responsible for a bug or regression, making it easier to identify and fix the issue.

git reflog:
Definition: View the reference logs, which show the history of all branch updates, including branch deletions and rebases. Useful for recovering lost commits or branches.
Practical Use: Retrieving lost commits, branches, or changes that were accidentally deleted or lost due to mistaken operations.

git revert <commit>:
Definition: Create a new commit that undoes the changes introduced by a specific commit. It's a safe way to undo changes while preserving the commit history.
Practical Use: Reverting a specific commit that introduced unwanted changes, ensuring that the project returns to a previous state while keeping a record of the reversal.

git submodule:
Definition: Manage Git submodules within your repository. Submodules allow you to include other Git repositories as subdirectories of your project, which can be useful for incorporating external libraries or dependencies.
Practical Use: Integrating external code repositories or dependencies into your project, keeping them as separate entities with their own version control history.

git blame <file>:
Definition: Show who last modified each line of a specific file. It helps identify the author responsible for a particular change, aiding collaboration and accountability.
Practical Use: Determining the author responsible for specific code changes, facilitating communication and collaboration when investigating issues or discussing code improvements.

git archive:
Definition: Create a compressed archive of the Git repository at a specific commit. It's useful for generating release packages or sharing code snapshots without including Git-specific files.
Practical Use: Packaging the project's source code at a specific commit for distribution, such as creating release bundles or sharing code snapshots with collaborators.

git clean:
Definition: Remove untracked files and directories from the working directory. Helpful for cleaning up leftover build artifacts or temporary files.
Practical Use: Removing unnecessary files and directories from the project, ensuring a clean working directory free from untracked artifacts or temporary files.

git revert --no-commit <commit>:
Definition: Revert changes introduced by a specific commit but with the changes staged rather than committed. Useful when you want to review and modify the changes before committing them.
Practical Use: Previewing the changes introduced by a specific commit and making modifications before finalizing and committing the reversion.